1. What happens when you type amazon.com in the browser? ( was asked two times by different interviewers)
2. Phone interview was pleasant and the questions were troubleshooting issues
3. Database administration interview was tough for me. though the questions were simple i was not prepared for a DBA questionnaire.
4. Behavioral questions are pretty straight forward and the interviewers would like to know the experience of you in situations like challenging project/task. be prepared to what you have to answer.
5. Dont leave out to revise on the simple points such as common ports, DBA questions etc.
6. What and how the load value is calculated which is displayed when you give the command "uptime"?  


    TCP handshake and TCP end connection(troubleshooting scenario based)
    DNS and ARP(troubleshooting scenario based)
    Explain Quick Sort without writing a single word and how it can be optimized
    Paging concepts in depth in Windows(PAE, PD, PDP)
    DSA questions on functioning of Priority Queues

Interview Questions

    Online Assesement covers IP/TCP, Subneting, Troubleshooting, Private/Public IPs, Routing, 
Linux Commands like iostat,vmstat, crontab, free, proc/meminfo etc.
    Phone Interview: Is 1.1.1.1 routable? What are private IPs ( Ranges)? Are the private IPs 
submask Classless and Classful? How will you troubleshoot slow website? What linux command to check open ports?   

Interview Questions

TCP/ IP Stack, DNS, DHCP, IP routing, troubleshooting scenarios  


But know the basics of networking like TCP, UDP, routing protocols, and also how to troubleshoot a network. Know how ping and traceroute work etc.

Networking(TCP, UDP, IP, HTTP), some Linux OS  

Linux commands for troubleshooting.  


1. behavioral mostly about previous work experiences, my influence on previous teams, leadership principles.
2. tech: networking basic: tcp, dns, amazon.com resolution, linux commands, linux troubleshooting basics.
3. most questions were from glassdoor only from past interviews 

how you reach to amazon.com, tell me layer vise. What is DNS? Explain all the steps for DNS. 
What protocol is used and how it is used to gate out from private network.(ARP)? website is slow how will 
you troubleshoot ? What is TCP? What is UDP? TCP three way handshake process. Basic l2,l3, some more networking, w
eb servers, windows trouble shooting test, dns server questions.

How to reach Amazon?
TCP 3 way handshake?
Why amazon?
Difference between TCP and UDP?  


    Sorting: bubble sort, quicksort, merge sort
    Search: linear search, binary search
    Data structures: linked list, hash table, array, tree, binary search tree, stack, queue
